OSDOCS#17088: Microshift install prep CQA (#107244)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_install_get_ready/microshift-fips.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
You must enable FIPS mode for RPM-based installations of {microshift-short} on {op-system-base-full} {op-system-version-major} to ensure that your edge deployments comply with security mandates.

> Following are the considerations for enabling FIPS mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following list details considerations for enabling FIPS mode:
```

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You must enable FIPS mode for RPM-based installations of {microshift-short} on {op-system-base-full} {op-system-version-major} to ensure that your edge deployments comply with security mandates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must enable FIPS mode for RPM-based installations of {microshift-short} on {op-system-base-full} {op-system-version-major} to ensure that your Edge deployments comply with security mandates.
```
